<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="t-registerfitnessassessment">
    <title>How to Register and Prepare for a Fitness Assessment</title>
    <shortdesc>If you have decided to complete a fitness assessment, you need to first register and pay online. There are also a few things you should keep in mind when preparing for your fitness assessment.</shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
        <context>
            <p></p>
        </context>
       
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd>Visit the online rec sports portal and click on "olympic lifting and bod pod testing."</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>If you want to complete the BOD POD assessment, click on "bod pod." Then, click on "add to cart." </cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Click "checkout." When it asks you "are you sure?," click "checkout" again.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Fill out your payment information by following the online prompt.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>If you want to complete the advanced fitness assessment, click on "fitness assessment- full fitness assessment." Then, click on "add to cart."</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Click "checkout." When it asks "are you sure?," click "checkout" again.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Fill out your payment information by following the online prompt.</cmd>
            </step>
        </steps>
        <steps> 
            <step> 
                <note>Once you have registered and paid for an assessment, follow these guidelines to prepare. </note>
                <cmd>If you are male, wear compression shorts made of polyester and/or Lycra. A swim cap will be provided to you before the assessment.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
            <cmd>If you are female, wear either compression shorts and a wire-free sports bra or a bathing suit.</cmd>
            </step>
        </steps>
    </taskbody>
</task>
