<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="t-ptsignup">
    <title>How to Sign Up for Personal Training Sessions</title>
    <shortdesc>If you have decided that you want to participate in personal training, follow these steps to sign up and pay for the sessions you want.</shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
       <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd>Visit the rec sports website and log in using your PID.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Under the section titled "Category" on the lefthand side of the page, click on "Personal Training" to view only the personal training packages.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Click on the package you want to sign up for and click add to cart.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>If you want to look for more packages, click "continue shopping."</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>If you want to remove the idea from you cart, click "remove."</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>When you are happy with your purchase, click "checkout."</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Insert your payment information and review your order before purchasing.</cmd>
            </step>
        </steps>
        <postreq>If a session is ever canceled, you will be issued a full refund. If you have a documented medical condition that no longer allows you to complete your sessions, a refund may be issued and will include a $10 processing fee. If you have any other questions about the refund policy, contact recsports@vt.edu. </postreq>
    </taskbody>
</task>
